add: Add VoidLocker and unittest (#1096)
solid/community-server: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## v3.0.0
### New features
- The Identity Provider now uses the `webid` scope as required for Solid-OIDC.

> - The `VoidLocker` could be used as development/testing purposes without any locking mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `VoidLocker` can be used to disable locking for development/testing purposes. This can be enabled by changing the `/config/util/resource-locker/` import to `debug-void.json`
```
